# Logbook 2020 December

*Activity Logbook Sample*

This kind of logbook, contains entries per day. Each day can contain list items, that contain an activity. 

## 2020.12.01 Tuesday

Just some text, followed by some *unordered list* items. Each item that starts with square brackets `[...]` is considered an activity.

- A list item without a task or activity item.
- [ ] A open task list item, requires a single space character ` `.
- [x] A closed task list item, requires a single x character `x`.
- [] A list item, but maybe intended as task item.
- [ ] A task list item, with a link to [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/pdfs/markdown-cheatsheet-online.pdf), as GitHub supports task items. This task item with a link, can give rendering issues.
- \[ ] A task list item, with a link to [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/pdfs/markdown-cheatsheet-online.pdf). Escaping the `[` of the task item fixes the rendering. But causes the task to appear as just square brackets `[ ]`, in other renders.

**Specific Activity Items**

The following list items, all represent activities.
- [activity] An activity item
- [2 activity] An activity item, which has been worked on for 2 hours
- [:30 activity] An activity of 30 minutes
- [:90 activity] An activity of 90 minutes
- [1:30 activity] An activity of 1 hour and 30 minutes

Activities can be specified in more detail. See it as an activity path, where the root (start point of the path) is the most generic entry and the further down the path, the more specific the activity is.

Example: Reading a book, to study a programming language, can be given as activity `study`. Which doesn't specify much. To see what you have been studying, it would be better to add the title of the book as well.
`study.get-programming`. Although later it might be hard what material it was, a web site, some (online) course, or a book. So to fix this, it's better to enter the activity as `study.book.get-programming`. While studying the book, you might do some programming as well. And you might name the project `get-programming`. When you create an activity entry for it, it can be done as `study.project.get-programming`.

*Remark* Activity paths should never contain space characters. Specify the activity path entries by a dot `.` character. And use a dash `-` character in activity names, that exist of multiple words. Like a book title 'Get Programming with Node JS' can be written as 'get-programming-with-node-js'.

- [study] A very general activity.
- [study.book] A more detailed activity.
- [study.book.get-programming-with-node-js.chapter-2] An even more specific activity
- [9:30- activity] Started the activity at 9:30 no end time time given yet.
- [9:30-10:15 activity] Started the activity at 9:30 and stopped the activity at 10:15.

What are not activities?
- [some text] This item starts with square brackets, but is not an activity, as the separate words are split by a space character.


**Issue**

- Eclipse Markdown does not recognize task items.
